samples: matter: Fix diagnostic logs snippet (#15903)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/protocols/matter/getting_started/advanced_kconfigs.rst

   :class: highlight

   west build -b nrf52840dk/nrf52840 -- -Dlock_SNIPPET=diagnostic-logs

.. important::

>   You can enable diagnostic log support only by setting the snippet because it contains the crucial devicetree overlays.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  To enable diagnostic log support, you must use the :ref:`diagnostic logs snippet <ug_matter_diagnostic_logs_snippet>`, which contains required devicetree overlays.
```
This this line should replace Line 235.

With this change, the `important` can be changed to `note` and moved before Line 274 (between the list of Kconfig options and the use instructions).

  You cannot set the diagnostic-logs Kconfigs option separately without adding the devicetree overlays.

>   To disable a specific functionality, use the snippet and set the chosen config to ``n``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If you want to use just some of the diagnostic logs functionality, use the snippet and set the Kconfig options for the other functionalities to ``n``.
```
